[Music]
gibel reviews canceled for being a fan of
Dalas and Javi Oliveira Well actually yes
actually it is what happens is that now he
is a bit of a closet hater of Javi
Oliveira gets angry with gibel bro hey
can I hire the guy who makes the
thumbnails for that specific channel
Well I don't know if it's the same for all of
these gibel click channels I don't
even know why gibel allows that, that
so many of his clicks are uploaded
everywhere and so many channels I mean I I I I
would want to keep absolutely every
last cent of whatever my
image is but well gibel allows it eh
but the thumbnails are often
funny I mean we could hire we
could look for that thumbnail maker
please and kick ours you
are pambisito Bro it seems really funny to me
man lawsuits Javi Oliveira Stop the
lawsuits he can't take it anymore er addict ex adito
tell his experience but what the [ __ ] is
done What the [ __ ] is
done [ __ ] I think we're going to watch this video
today too eh eh And well
we'll talk later  the exclusive let's watch
this video first let's see they last the same
Yeah more or less yeah This one is a little
longer I'm going to watch this one I know your day
Maybe it was go let it be a little longer
and leave something out okay difficult I know that
maybe you feel like the world won you over
But remember the world didn't win you over and you
're not alone I'm here for you you'll
see [ __ ] what really pisses me off about
gubel is that he plays music like that where
the copywriter skips and every time we
click on it then I have to be
remembering remembering I don't even know what
I'm talking about anymore eh I mean I'm on
point I know exactly when luare that
I thought you were hanging out with the others
can you do me a favor and I'll leave you emp
all night please eh you can steal
from Uncle Sur eh a kiss handsome I'm on
the other channel now I'm sending you a kiss man
Thank you so much for intervening and
here's your house okay you can steal
from Uncle Sur eh who put something rebor in the title let's
see what's there lauti just
gave away another 50 members [ __ ]
outrageous [ __ ]  wow guys
we have 150 members tonight and we haven't even
started and we haven't even started
guys I doubt you'll be able to
top the night the other day at the
gentlemen in many of you who are
here eh in the end the kids
are always the ones who keep me company the kids are my
company the kids are the ones who always
pick me up from the ground when I fall the ones who
always don't when I have some problem they
understand me and they understand me then the
kids should understand that
right now I want to reach 3000 okay
you should understand it I wasn't going to tell you
one thing eh I have in mind I don't have a
date yet but I do have in mind to
retire for a while and focus a bit
on my life eh but I don't know when I'll do it
okay it has to be a moment when
I have before summer
surely before summer surely
eh And focus on eh on personal things
and above all also a lot of gym
a lot of things like that you know in plan and come back
with the batteries recharged eh I mean I've been working
nonstop for a long time and and I mean like
be a mental and physical reset Okay but I do
n't know when I'll do it I don't know when I'll do it
go in the gym no no but like
put myself at full capacity spending many hours
during the day in the gym many hours with
the family many hours of like like
connecting to the internet mind you maybe
I'm talking about two weeks
a month eh Maybe I'm talking about
something like that not like three months or anything like that
but two weeks 10 days
a month something like that ok it will be something like that soon
but I don't know I don't know when I'll do it but it will be
soon it will be soon okay I did it G
yesterday I told the Mods But there's a
problem 00 charges me 300 ucos to read the manga
I want to use an eye mask you just
brightened my day with this news the
problem is where do I do the Stream because
I don't bring a gallant lady to my
house the problem is Where is
the Setup On what platform no
another possibility another possibility is that I
stop streaming for a while like maybe
a month and focus only on
recording videos okay I don't know the truth or I mean  These
are things that I'm considering eh
but I'll probably do something like that because
in fact I have a plan eh to finish
the physical theme gym and so on before
summer that will be based on a lot of hitting
a lot of cardio so maybe I won't
fit more things in the day so
surely if things go well eh I
don't know these are things that I
have in mind and I don't know exactly how to execute it or when it's worth the problem is that I have you all very spoiled I'm used to seeing you around there were people yesterday so much that I didn't show up all day long you sub you let me give you a kiss on the
cheek and a ball grab Mike
obviously if you throw me 100 sub I'll kiss
the camera now can you imagine falling into
Pico's house and saying hello gey
hello gey it's me gey it's me gey
come rob me I'm going to rob you the
prostitute I had already been there
this seems so familiar to me $300 is being
asked to read it they're not going to
break it I don't know why I don't know why so much
but well it seems that it is  something fantasy
connects to the WiFi you can only imagine
maybe he charges a lot because it's [ __ ] what he
has to read he has to read it chapter
of bokuro jiro yutsu and Shingeki let's see it's
hard let's be honest it's hard what he
has to read is hard but
why the [ __ ] in the clip does it say Javi Oliveira and it's
not talking about Javi Oliveira he's
talking to me about these dolls that he sees
Javi tar Yuki mode It's that I have nothing to
tell you about the cartoons
How old is Gibel I mean Gibel eh he
's younger than me but not
that much no I mean suddenly Gibel
will be like me Okay when you're close
to the midlife crisis you'll stop
liking the dolls let's see
actually it's not that they're going to stop but it's
like they've sickened me a bit
they've sickened me a bit I don't know Lorena says she's
sorry that I get rid of the
figure and that they are collectible figures
that they are not very unique figures this one in
particular let's say the one I rolled up to bring it back
from Disneyland Paris but it's like  aunt is
that I already have them here there are already thousands of
videos do you want me to stay any that I
stay Let's see what I do the same nor
change eh Oh but you have
Disney figures tattooed I am Surely I will get
more tattoos in fact I think I have an appointment I
have an appointment with the tattoo artist to
finish it on the elbow that I am missing the
elbow is very hard eh it is very hard she
thinking that after reading it they are going to
detonate it is not going to happen my friend You know
why not because her name is not reo m kage and she
is 16 years old we have a problem
kids we have a
problem we have a problem we have a serious problem
kids I already finished reading all the
Blue lock mangas that I had and in
Uruguay it is only until the 22nd I think
How many did I see to do it at your house that
Jai minutes cco [ __ ] But the
clippers should put that these sons of [ __ ] I
mean they just lengthened it to 8 minutes
for free because when they put my
name here it's like
the clips work better for them as if I were the [ __ ]
Rubio and or something You know Roy a kiss  I don't know
why there are so many people who find it
really helpful to just put my [ __ ] name dude
like I'm you know it doesn't change the
background gameplay there are already 10 rings watching
dinosaurs because that's what I read and that's
what and that's what comes out automatically I don't
and no and it's not just that it catches my
attention I mean no I'm not crazy about the
idea of eh being with two Minas and no
way I share m to me to my hermu no
if it's hard for me with one Imagine with two of
course I can't satisfy one I'm going to
satisfy two but dude first
for that I would have to find you a
lauti a kiss handsome what's up lasne Where
was I complaining the one who takes an
hour and a half extract of a tweet Hey here I am
respected here I am kids if you are
kids I am until the end eh if
I criticize one of these for something
if I do it or shut him up
Call Javi the canine dude about that
account Well there is one account in particular
which is Wilson's that we already know
who it is and it is eh the story is true
lasne the  another day this is lords of
gentlemen is lor this is lords of
gentlemen Ro day we were looking for a
move is that this story is going to be a
live eh Just for that eh Just for
that account V A live and we are
investigating and testing some things non-
stop to find the person who
was reporting me Twitter and YouTube and
that fraudulently you remember no e and we fit
a few things like that Ho and
we found we are missing one thing to be able to
prepare it is live But it is going to be cinema or
rather because it is a person who has already been a
big pain in the past a lot of pain
and then he had the balls when I
confronted him to be a victim not on top and And
now he is on the internet continue on the
internet in that way eh It seems like cinema to me it seems like cinema
man it seems like cinema
talking to his friends friends
told me also we know that he is on networks
in some way but we don't know In what
way and man I mean it is crazy the story
behind the account is crazy crazy crazy crazy
but it seems wonderful to me
that there are people to
whom I am so important as to create
accounts dedicated only to  me I mean
because actually as a hater but it's
like it is as a fan it's like fanning no you don't
see it as very fanning you don't see it as very
fanning I mean you don't see it as eh name
related to me when Ed they
viralize his tweet it goes viral my name of
course it goes viral My name is like an
untreated trauma in therapy deanne no
Well He's treating it that way or he
has invented a vigilante because he
creates a vigilante who is going to come to
avenge us what happens is that he does it from an
invented anonymous identity not someone
who likes movies No so that just in case he
looks bad again not to
cry but listen to me eh when
a tweet goes viral of he is viralizing
my name Eh when if one day I don't do a
live that person gets bored No because there
are several Eh well not all of them are the
same, I think that dal veira is the
same as javiel canino just because of the
personality I would say that dalira is
javiel canino but javiel peluca I think
is another guy, it's like very crazy
because it's like  247 pending Javi
puts a tweet and the other says if Javi
uploads an ex to see it to the millimeter but
apart it is already
[Music]
gentlemen the clip channels not the one from
Peru has Edward elry I think gibel cite
clipero Thanks because it says when I what
gel recci to the audios of Ricky edit
being cuckolded and puts that and I put
the doll this one gets angry for a
clip channel that I don't manage or know who is
behind it and he is totally burned by the
cover It's my turn too Oh sure of course I
say [ __ ] What opinion I don't
know what opinion gbel and the
other salteo channels will have regarding the
Ali issue because I haven't been able to
see a little yet I don't know what opinion
the salteo channels will have had
okay but of course because of the cover it's
like they're laughing at him no when
regarding this issue the truth is
then we'll talk extensively Okay
when they give you Lali's statements
but regarding this issue eh let's see
the audios what they show is that Lali
cheated on Ricky Eddie and  cuka and then
in sima covers up the lie while she
wants to get back to cuque Arlo V or in other words be
unfaithful to her that at no time is something
new or rather that was already known what
Ricky Eddie sells in that piece of text
that he writes is like like in the
audios she admits that she made up the
rape and that is point number one no you
listen to the audios and no you don't recognize that I mean she is
practically
justifying herself and what she is doing is
uh justifying herself saying that she was very
drunk that I don't know what it is a resource that she
uses a lot and then the uh It
's not the same thing you say Ah it's that I did it
because I was uh [ __ ] pu I was excited
and it got a little out of hand
no no no no no no that there he is not
saying anything about rape and then point
number two Ricky himself acknowledges in
all that chunk of text that he says that he does
n't believe her and in fact he stopped
following her he deleted her photos on Instagram I
mean at what point does it matter if Ricky makes
it up or she makes it up if that
doesn't free Ricky from having followed him  the
thing I mean it's not like Ricky
believed her because she cheated on him and then
Ricky isn't to blame for anything It's that he
's putting all the blame on her
but what are you telling me man but if
you didn't believe her You knew that you
were falsely defaming someone if
you deleted the photos on Instagram you
punished her by putting her with your
followers you blocked her no Hi Javi
how is that account what are you talking about today well
we're going to talk about several things and then
that I didn't believe her Javi that you already had
menopause Well it's also true I don't
deny it but it's that you're telling me
things that I don't deny kiss Lauti handsome
it's that he's blaming her
as if she were the one who made it up we
give her a clue that account used to
start with him Come on grandpa give us something I'm
not going to give it to her But I'm completely
sure that if you yourselves
start to investigate around that
account the way of writing eh the
likes the expressions of What things he
talks about And what things he's not worth many
things the discussion went by  the branches
of what we all already knew that they
lied to him that he was unfaithful but they never
talk about their contradictions with violin
But what do they understand that those audios
prove I haven't seen it I'm going to see it
okay but for me we go if you want
then we put the audios again we
saw it the other day She doesn't recognize one I mean
she doesn't recognize that she is
making up a rape and in the case that
she makes it up he doesn't
believe her He doesn't believe her and in your own Texaco he
recognizes it I at the moment I saw it I did
n't believe it and and I knew that everything was
voluntary when I saw the kid's testimony
I knew it was voluntary and then he
makes the video with her accusing the
kid of being a rapist I mean what the [ __ ] are there
Pea Uy Lali Uy how bad
Lali looks in this but Lali will look
just as bad as him I mean what the [ __ ] are there
people supporting Ricky with that
tit that he put the other day I really do
n't know it seems to me again like
the restraining order like  the complaint
from Dallas like the I don't know what like the I don't
know how much uncle I haven't learned my lesson
yet with Ricky with the delos and with
the other one and with the one on the motorcycle or rather at what
point does that benefit Ricky had the
idea of the rape And what do I
care if Lali had it or Ricky had it
in the video Ricky blamed
himself and said that he was the one who
made it up but it doesn't matter it doesn't
matter he doesn't believe her if he takes some
conversations of her trying to get back together
with him dude he doesn't believe her and yet
when Dallas starts
making a video he forgives her takes
her home and says in the video that it was
a rape I mean if he didn't
make it up which I think he did make it up
okay if he didn't make it up maybe he'd
go along with it and
falsely accuse a kid of rape knowing that it
was a lie I just don't understand I don't
understand why they are supporting Ricky
because he released those audios point number
one the audios don't prove what he
puts in the  twit and point number two I don't
give a [ __ ] I don't give a [ __ ] I mean the
guy is so mean that he started accusing a guy
of being a rapist because his girlfriend knowing
he had cheated on him and
wanted to do it again which doesn't make
sense it looks bad
everywhere because look I don't believe it and he
kept accusing the guy of being a rapist And
if he had believed it if he
had believed it he would unfollow her he made her
post a thread he deleted the photos with her
from Instagram No I don't understand
really the people that are like that eh they
believed that the
police station closed at 3 that we're going to
ask each one of them and look what he says but
when he accuses they use lesvy as an abuser
or 8 of V it doesn't seem that bad to you Oh
really how lazy how lazy how lazy
Really how lazy man how lazy how lazy how lazy how lazy how lazy man how lazy how lazy how lazy
man how lazy how lazy man one thing that
you accuse someone of something that
you value based on what  you're watching
and another thing is that your girlfriend catches
you in conversations where she's
putting the cuacos on you and you publicly to
contradict Dallas without
you believing it or without you believing the
excuses you make a video with your balls
saying that he's a rapist And what's more
when the rest of us come out to say that there was no
rape that we have audios
of her saying that she's lying she turned
against me eh When I made a video
saying that I had conversations because I
had and I have it okay from this same one of
Lali saying the same audios that he
said I made a video and they both came to me
on Twitter Lali and Ricky they both
came to me on Twitter you're talking
without knowing you could have consulted me he got
mad at me because I made an
exclusive video because I had
conversations with Lali denying that it was
a rape eh And he got mad at me
saying that I could have asked him
Why am I talking without knowing eh And now he
wants us to go along with it and for
Lali to be the one who made it up No if
Lali made it up you too damn  you're
talking dude but if it's even
there let's see dude it's just that Twitter won't open for me I do
n't know what the [ __ ] is going on today
Twitter won't open for me luare it's on me it's on me you're
still here luare man already
dude you're going there with the nonsense luare you're
still here please King Send me the
screenshot please because Twitter won't open for me
in the browser I don't know what's going on
eh Send me the screenshot when I made the
video with the conversations that
came out of Ali okay they are a
representation Although they were false of
others that did exist okay And
Ricky and Lali came to answer my tweet
reproaching me for not having
consulted them that I don't know what I don't know
how much Send me the screenshots we're going to
put them here he blames me for what
they put on a cover with his super
logical face and the only ones who call Rick cuca
are the pumis 2 + 2 is 2s that [ __ ] what
gy gey that [ __ ] is because they have
a clip of me where I am in a debate with
a character in a moment of heat
eh I made a mistake and I said 2 + two is two
which is a  a clip of mine from 2016 okay in a
live fight with a person at a
heated moment I made a mistake I don't even know what I
was saying okay that And that's
all they have with me You know what, the [ __ ]
goes in the toilet ge the [ __ ] goes in
the toilet ge and then he says I love you handsome
throwing kisses gbel sends me his gelitos
for calling him pambisito and kids well there
's a clip of you applauding Dallas and
another one to Javi that without taking this into account
one day he says one thing and the next the
opposite one doesn't decide and that's not
my fault or anyone's and he puts up a cover of
Javi Oliveira I mean I'm also to
blame for what Javi Oliveira says I mean I'm to
blame for the clip channels and
Javi Oliveira too I really want to
end it all kid that cover
based on reality I really want to end it
all import based on real facts
and look what's below that's what it means to
have your own criteria and not blind yourself In
favor or in favor of everything you're doing well gibel
if both sides criticize you  you're
doing well stop and here I put did you know
that in that video I'm saying that it's
wrong to say things to him on the
street since there was a donation from someone who
told me that he crossed him and that they
exchanged words your hatred leads you to
think that he is well harassed person you are
very strange Man and it turns me on if they were just
words I don't see what's wrong or Javi is a
Holy God that [ __ ] What G that mom how
caleritas that [ __ ] What g I mean according to
him you can intercept Javi Oliveira
on the street because of the criticism he makes on the
internet that [ __ ] what ge that [ __ ]
What ge eh Mr sec with Gamer enough eh
enough is more is more eh I didn't think about it
the other day but of course it was in a store
that day Of course in a mall
where I was buying clothes and goes with
my eh Jai turn up the volume of your mic
is it true it went down is it true I was with my
boyfriend eh I mean sick sick if it's
true it went down a lot dude I don't know why
enough with your spam And stop copying
the spam that he's doing because you're
going to get banned  Enough is enough, it's like if someone comes
up to you and insults you as if it were
on Stream without any kind
of joke if a follower comes and
uses a meme on the channel I [ __ ] myself I
[ __ ] myself laughing but if he comes when insulting
I say what have you done, damn what's wrong with you
Brother let's see
[Music]